Document asset add and asset outdated (#1734)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/5.13/sensuctl/reference.md

These are useful if you want to know what cluster you're connecting to, or what namespace or username you're currently configured to use.

## Interacting with Bonsai

> Sensuctl supports fetching asset definitions directly from [Bonsai](34) and checking for outdated assets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sensuctl supports both installing asset definitions directly from [Bonsai](34) and checking your Sensu backend for outdated assets.
```

### Usage

> To add an asset definition directly from Bonsai, use `sensuctl asset add [NAME][:VERSION]`, replacing `[NAME]` with the name of the asset from Bonsai. `[:VERSION]` is only required if you require a specific version or are pinning to a specific version. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install an asset definition directly from Bonsai, use `sensuctl asset add [NAME][:VERSION]`, replacing `[NAME]` with the name of the asset from Bonsai. `[:VERSION]` is only required if you require a specific version or are pinning to a specific version. 
```

{{< highlight shell >}}

> $ sensuctl asset add sensu/sensu-influxdb-handler:3.1.1

Reviewer 2: Do we want the `$` removed? I believe we have moved towards our CLI examples not having it.

fetching bonsai asset: sensu/sensu-influxdb-handler:3.1.1
added asset: sensu/sensu-influxdb-handler:3.1.1
{{< /highlight >}}

You can also use the `--rename` flag to rename the asset on install.

{{< highlight shell >}}
$ sensuctl asset add sensu/sensu-slack-handler --rename slack-handler
no version specified, using latest: 1.0.3
fetching bonsai asset: sensu/sensu-slack-handler:1.0.3
added asset: sensu/sensu-slack-handler:1.0.3
{{< /highlight >}}

> To check on outdated assets compared to the current versions available on Bonsai, use `sensuctl asset outdated`. It will print a list of assets that have an older version than the current version available on Bonsai. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check your Sensu backend for assets which have newer versions available on Bonsai, use `sensuctl asset outdated`. This will print a list of assets installed in the backend whose version is older than the newest version available on Bonsai.
```
